I know you're smart and I'm proud of you
I want you to make some friends this
summer meet Scotty small man this is
baseball you got to stop thinking you
just have fun climb trees hop fences get
into trouble just stand there and stick
your glove on the air I'll take care of
it now he's in right with the coolest
guys in the neighborhood they've got the
look they've got the moves
[Music]
but something else has got their ball
that father gave it to him
Babe Ruth signed that ball we gotta get
that ball back you got any bright ideas
initiate retrieval section number one
[Music]
twentieth Century Fox presents you're
the ones I'm making all that racket
a lifetime of adventure
[Music]
the sandlot a little piece of paradise a
half a block Y and a whole season long
Scotty
have you made any friendship
[Music]